# Wellplaece

Welcome to the Wellplaece take-home programming test! We're excited to have you
embark on this challenge as a potential member of the Wellplaece family. This
test has been carefully designed to provide you with a glimpse into the kind of
problems we solve every day, while also allowing us to better understand your
technical skills, creativity, and problem-solving prowess. Enjoy the process,
and remember â€” it's not just about getting the right solution, but also about
showcasing your coding style and thought process. Good luck!

### Objectives

> Please **DO NOT** share the contents of this test nor your solution with any
> third-parties.

Your main objective is to implement some methods of your choice in the
`HenryScheinScrapingExercises`, `MidwestDentalScrapingExercises`, and
`DatabaseExercises` classes so that the corresponding tests pass.

Do not spend more than a day (~8hrs) on the exercises, and don't panic if you
cannot get all tests to pass. Prioritize your work and aim to complete all the
exercises in one of the two "scraping" classes, plus the first two exercises in
the "database" class.

See the comments in those class files for detailed instructions about each
exercise. You can validate your solutions by running `npm run validate`. To
submit your work, create a PR in this repository.

### Hints

All exercises can be solved using the packages and utilities already installed
and provided with this repository. You can find some examples on how to use them
[here](./src/support/examples.spec.ts). You may install and use additional npm
packages, provided you still comply with the instructions of each exercise.
Check out the `scripts` section of `package.json` for additional tools and
utilities.

The repository contains a SQLite database (`.src/support/store.db`), which is
pre-populated with some tables and pseudo-random data. Being able to inspect the
database and understand its schema is part of the test.
